hello everybody its teaming today I want
to be doing a very special manga review
a lot of you in the community have been
recommending me to actually review the
series or at least look at the chapter
to see if I like it
since I've been doing nisekoi reviews
and stuff a lot of you say I would
probably like this rom-com so they're
actually longer I'm gonna be reviewing
is just the first chapter I haven't read
past it so I don't know exactly how it
pans out
but it's pretty much like the same
design as Nisekoi except I don't see a
love triangle yet in the making so it's
called Horomia it's a very interesting
series from the first chapter I like the
artwork design it definitely has a nice
good cute or work design it's really
good art style and I enjoy the way the
actual character introductions were we
have two main characters are pretty much
introduced we had our main female
character hoary and we also had our main
male character miyamura now what's
interesting about these two characters
is is that that they tend to hide their
personality like kind of like how nice
of Chloe with rocku and she toget hides
a relationship well with this instance
we have Nia and Horry hiding their true
personalities at their house and it's
really interesting getting to see the
way the characters her design I mean see
how Mia it looks like then straight up
like I guess crazy smart book smart
person in school he has glasses it looks
like you might be a no talk about hallo
everybody talks about him with the
rumors but then when we get to see him
come in to Horus house we see that he
has earrings piercings he just looks
like a freakin delinquent he looks like
someone that you wouldn't actually
expect to be the same person I went to
school so it's definitely like a major
character change like a flop of frickin
like character design really interesting
and then Horus actual matter the way she
wants to hide her purse on what she's
hiding is that she's more like a house
mom or a housewife she takes care of her
little brother and pretty much just is
all the house shopping she goes to the
supermarket she goes to special she does
all sorts of things she's wild muscled
she has council clothing she's just
everything that's completely different
from her standard self in school but I
feel like her character design is not as
Extreme as Mia's I mean his it's just
like oh my god he is completely
different now what I can see way the
plot was set up is we're gonna have
romance on but of course this is a
rom-com I love the way the characters oh
I like the white so far the person I
least attempters they're really
interesting and they definitely want me
to continue reading the series I'm not
extremely hooked to the series II I
don't know if I want to continue
reviewing it but this is just my first
impressions of you know Horomia so
really I like the actually unique title
to the series they actually put the two
names of the main female on the main
male character into the title I don't
know exactly that means and
English but it's still a really cool
tile the way they managed to do that and
you know I may have to read a couple
chapters into this I'll have to see if
it really sinks in I hopefully doesn't
have a lot of cliches like Nisekoi does
I like Nisekoi but it does have those
cliches and so I'm just gonna give this
series run and see if I like it have
your thoughts on horror me everybody do
you think you want to read this series I
mean if you're a big fan of rom-coms and
you love let's say Niecy coy I guess
give this series a read it's a really
good series that so far I'm enjoying so
anyways everybody I'm wonderful down and
out wherever you live in everybody love
you so much TV ow